Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, in the last lecture, we created this function which we called register user, and we pass, and
the user name will pass and it will pass and the password pass the image.
The reason for this was we want to set up validation for users creating accounts.
So we said if the username is not empty, that it is not empty.
If the image is not empty, if the password is not empty, then if the image is not equal to the which
means if it is not empty as well, then we want to.
Save the user to the heart.
Okay.
And also want to save the user to the fire vs faster.
So now what you can do.
First I'm going to save the user to the hearts.
So not to do that, they're going to use that package which we wish we installed.
Okay.
I just think these are too big too, so we don't get multi-line comments.
So this is going to be five base art ways of using this five ways or it's what we can do.
We can create if able to store this in our costs, but that's fine.
So over here, I'm just going to have a comment that this is colors.
Okay then over there they're going to see five is.
Okay.
You're going to see fire.
This.
Okay, great.
Now what you can do, we can create a variable.
We can call this fire, this wave of fire.
This.
Or it's.
Okay.
There's going to score.
So this should be a fire service or it is going to store that fire base.
Fabrice.
So this is going to be Fabrice or it does is tense.
Okay great.
To say.
Okay.
So now we're going to go back to the horse controller.
So over here, what you just have to do is.
The way we create a wish record for our base, but they're going to see dots create user with email
and password.
Now the user name and the image field is just an additional field, right?
What is not going to get created or added to the hearts?
Okay, so they're going to hide this or have written to the families first or for the.
But for the Himba we had everything to describe this fast.
Alright.
What had the user name and the image to the heart?
So now what they're going to do next, they're going to go to our Firebase console.
They're going to go to the whole screen.
I'm just going to open this menu tab.
Hopefully my network.
The camera is going to check.
Just have to wait a while.
Okay.
Sorry, love, even bad network.
Now we're going to click on Get Started.
It started.
So what you are trying to do is to enable the log in so we create an account using the email and password.
Okay.
So now okay, now we're going to go to the email password.
Now we are going to enable dates.
So now we're going to click on Save.
Okay, great.
So now when we.
Create an account, the email and the password is going to be saved in the hard that is this user ID
of a body user by the user name on the image.
It's not going to be stored here.
What it is is going to be stored at the class store.
Okay.
So now I'm going to call again.
I think we just have to had this semicolon.
I.
Now in the last lecture, first of all.
We created a function called so that we created a function called registered user.
And the reason for this was so we actually had validation checks for users creating an account.
So we said.
We passed for us the username I will say the data type of string.
This was in the email we solicited that type of string we passed in the password.
We said it is a type of string we pass in the image.
We are as well said Is it it?
That's it.
We said, is it?
It's a type of fly.
Okay.
Now, over here we created to try and catch.
BLOCK.
Then over the try we said if the username is not empty and the email is not empty and the password is
not empty.
The image is not equal to null, which is kind of is not empty as well.
Then if orders are not empty.
Then we want to save the user to the art and to fab as fast or or for the now we are just saving the
user.
The email, the password to the.
Hot.
That is over here.
Okay.
Right.
Then if probably the user gods or any hearer when creating an account.
Then we're going to go.
It's on the Herald.
So we used to get the snap, but then we had the title of The Hero, which is going to be a hero creating
accounts.
Then we said he does a string, which is going to be the the message or the the the hero.
These are good.
Okay, great.
Like as we said.
Have these or don't have any fields to store the use and they really have the create user with email
a password so.
For the user name and for the image.
You're going to store that in the.
Five is faster and faster than the story written again in the fab is faster, but without this toilet.
Sorry the user name so well story the password and email on the fly wizards.
Hopefully you understand it's another year.
We created the Firebase hard variable, which you said is equal to the five days of instance.
So over here, I guess using the variable which we had earlier created.
Okay.
I fully understand is why if you don't do the studies, it's fine.
As the process goes.
Shirley, you're going to get everything, okay?
Okay, guys.
In a nice lecture, we are going to save the user to the Firebase First Store.
Lucky as seen in this lecture.